All right, let's continue working on the implementation of this Nets rapper class.
So instead of here, we want to eventually create a Nets client.
In other words, the client that we get back from the Nets library itself, we're going to eventually
create that and assign it as a property to our class.
So I'm going to add in a private property called client and it's type is going to be stand and notice
that I'm calling this thing underscore client.
You'll see why for that or why we're doing that in just a moment.
Now we are not going to try to define this property inside of any constructor or anything like that
because we are running our constructor right here.
And so at this point in time, it is too early to try to create a actual next client and assign it to
this client property.
Instead, we do not want to create and assign this client property until we eventually try to call it
connect or something like that from inside of our index file.
TypeScript, however, wants to make sure that we try to either immediately initialize this property
on the same line of code or inside the constructor.
And that's why we are seeing an error right here.
So to get this error to go away, we're going to say underscore client and then question mark that tells
TypeScript that this property might be undefined for some periods of time.
Okay.
After that, we're then going to create a function called Connect.
So again, very similar to Mongoose, we're going to eventually call this connect function with our
different connection settings from inside of indexes.
Inside of Kinect, we're going to create an actual instance of the Nats client and assign it to this
underscore client variable.
To connect very similar to Mongoose.
Once again, we're going to assume that this thing is going to receive some connection settings.
So for example, the cluster ID that we want to connect to the client that we want to name ourselves
as, and the URL to try to connect to as well.
Essentially the same connection settings you might recall having written back inside of it Nat's test
project inside that listener file.
So this is what we refer to as our cluster ID.
I'll show you where that comes from in just a moment.
We spoke about the client ID and then the URL that we actually want to connect to.
So we're going to receive all those three things as arguments to this connect function.
So let's say cluster ID is going to be a string line, ID will be a string and URL will be a string
as well.
Then inside of here.
We're going to assign this dot underscore client and that's going to come from calling Nats connect.
We're going to pass in the cluster ID, client ID and the URL inside of an object.
Make sure sure URL is inside of an object like so.
Then normally to somehow get a signal that we have connected, we would write out something like client
on Kinect and then put in a callback function and that callback function would be invoked once Nats
actually successfully connects to our Nats server.
And so inside that callback function, we might do something like a console log of connected to nets.
Now this callback semantics right here.
Not that great in today's day and age, right?
It would be a lot better if we could call, connect and then be able to use the same kind of async await
syntax as we were able to use with Mongoose Connect.
So really we want to somehow take this callback function right here and twist it, turn it, allow us
to use the async, await syntax instead.
You might recall that we already did something very similar to this a little bit ago.
We essentially took the callback function and wrapped it with a promise and then we manually resolved
that promise from inside the callback.
So let's do that same thing right here.
So from Connect, I'm going to return.
A new promise.
I'm going to put in the resolve and reject.
I'll then move in the this underscore client inside their.
And then in the success case, right after doing that console.log, I will resolve the promise.
You'll notice we have an error around this underscore client.
We'll just ignore that for a moment.
Now, if we're doing everything correctly, we should probably also make sure we handle the air case,
the case in which we failed to connect to Nats.
So I'm going to also add in a handler to watch for where we fail to connect.
So we're going to do a this underscore client on air.
And then put a callback function.
This is how we handle a connection error during the initial connection attempt.
If we fail to connect, this callback function will be invoked and the first argument will be some error
describing exactly what went wrong.
So in this case, we're going to reject our promise and we will reject it with that error.
All right.
So why is TypeScript complaining right here?
If we hover over that thing, it says object is possibly undefined.
The reason for this is that TypeScript understands that we just assigned the client property right here.
So at this point in time, if we write out this underscore client, typescript says, Oh, okay, sure,
like client exists.
You justified it 2 seconds ago.
But because we are now trying to access this underscore client inside of a callback function right here,
TypeScript is thinking that we could have accidentally reassigned or unassigned really the this underscore
client between this line of code and this line of code.
Now that is extremely unlikely to happen, but it is what TypeScript is designed to do.
It is meant to capture errors where a variable might suddenly flip back to going to undefined.
We're going to put in a very temporary fix for this that we're going to change in just a little bit.
But I really want to test out the code we put together so far.
So to just get this air to go away, we're going to put an exclamation right after this dot underscore
client on both those.
Okay.
So let's save this.
And I would now like to do a quick test and just make sure that we can actually connect to nets.
We want to be able to call this connect, function and use the async, await syntax on it.
So to do so, we'll go back over to to indexes.
At the very top.
I'm going to import Nat's wrapper.
From Nats wrapper.
Notice I'm using a lowercase end right here.
The reason for that is that we are indicating that this is an instance of the class Nats wrapper.
We only have one instance floating around the entire application because we are not exporting the class.
We are exporting one single instance that will be shared between all of our different files.
So down here, right before our mongoose connect, I'm going to put in and await weight wrapper dot
connect and we'll put in those three connection settings.
The first one is going to be our cluster ID and I told you that I would tell you where that is coming
from.
So let's do that really quickly.
If we think back to the Nats test project and open up that listener, you'll recall that for that cluster
ID or the first argument we put in a string of ticketing.
So why is that?
Well, if we think back also to our infra directory inside there, we had the Nats deployment file.
So here's the Nats deployment file, here's our pod spec and here's the arguments we fed to that container.
One of the arguments we provided was CE ID and we gave it a value of ticketing.
CID stands for cluster ID.
This is going to assign an ID to the cluster and in the case the ID is simply ticketing.
That's what the first argument is.
We're just specifying the ID of the cluster that we're trying to connect to.
So we'll put in ticketing.
For that first argument.
Then the second argument, you'll recall, is going to be our client ID.
We need to make sure that this is a more or less random value.
Right now we'll just put in some kind of random string.
And then finally we have to put in the URL that we want to connect to as the third argument.
The URL that we are going to connect to is going to be the service that is governing access to our Nats
deployment.
So remember, we define that service at the bottom of this file.
Its name was Nats CRV.
And we specifically want to connect to Port four, 2 to 2.
So for the URL at the very end of Connect right here, we will put in a HTTP colon, slash, slash.
Nats CRV Colon four.
Two, two, two.
Okay.
So that should be enough to at least test this out and make sure that we can actually connect to nets.
So I'm going to save this and then going to go back over to my scaffold window, which I'm still running
at my terminal and I'll see connected to nets.
Now, if you fail to connect for any reason, I would really encourage you to take a look at that message.
Also, if you don't see anything around now it's down here.
Try stopping scaffold and restarting it.
Now, if you see an error, I would suspect that you might have a duplicate client ID in use.
So try changing the client ID to something else, saving it.
And that should get you your automatic refresh and then you should see connected to nets.
If you still do not manage to have any success, don't sweat it.
Hop over to the way.
Post your code on GitHub.
Link me to your code and I'll do my best to help you debug this.
All right.
So it looks like we were able to connect two nets and most importantly, we were able to do so using
some semantics that look very similar to Mongoose.
So this is definitely good.
But now I'm kind of curious how are we going to actually use this thing from inside of, say, our new
root handler where we are creating a ticket?
So still a little bit of work to do.
So let's take a pause right here and return in just a moment.